Oh you
I have already said that the punishment for breaking the marriage will not be allowed
You are really connected to the supper
What heart spell?
It's our bodies joined together
If one of us gets hurt
Another person gets hurt too
It must be because of my blood
Dropped on your jade pendant
That's why I violated the Lianxin Curse
Hmph, I don't believe your nonsense
You just don't want to divorce me.
Just said this nonsense
If you don't believe me, I'll prove it to you.
I believe
Marry you
Zhang Xueyao
Why did you go to Canglong Mountain 10 years ago?
Where is that?
What am I doing there?
It really wasn't him.
But
Ten years ago.
My dad did take me to a mountain
I don't know what kind of place birds don't shit
There's a weirdo living there.
Let's go and register for marriage
Can you really get rid of contact information after a year of marriage?
Something like that.
You lied to me.
Hey, be careful